speculation in tokyo was that the yen could rise because of the realignment  
in tokyo foreign exchange trading yesterday the yen increased against the dollar  
some currency traders said the upward revaluation of the german mark wasn't big enough and that the market made continue to rise  
that might lift the yen which has been moving in tandem with the market recently  
the dollar plunged following the e. m. s. realignment as traders focused again on that sluggish u. s. economy  
the currency slid more than one percent against the west german mark and swiss franc  
meanwhile questions remain within the e. m. s. whether yesterday's realignment was only a temporary solution  
the surveys composite index for april rose slightly to fifty four point two percent from fifty three point nine percent  
a reading above fifty percent generally indicates that the economy is expanding its figure below fifty percent indicates a weakening economy  
the index has averaged fifty four percent in the first four months of nineteen eighty seven  
mr. parnes stole eight also for the first time held mind when suez's plans for generale de belgique's war  
he said the group was our cake in its structure and no one had leadership  
he said suez came to bring better management to the company to increase productivity and profitability  
joseph m. g. leo junior was named senior vice president and public finance department executive of his bank holding companies chase manhattan bank  
in the newly created position he heads the new public finance departments  
mr. jacob leo has headed the public finance group at bear stearns and company  
much to the surprise of many analysts the national association of purchasing management's latest survey showed the economy surged last month reversing a three month decline  
purchasers also named one hundred eighty nine commodities the rose in price last month while only three dropped in price  
only three of the nine banks saw foreign exchange profits declined in the latest quarter  
the steepest fall was at bankamerica courts bank of america a thirty percent decline to twenty eight million dollars from forty million dollars  
the spokeswoman blames the decline on market volatility in says the swing is within a reasonable range for us  
law enforcement officials sensible a measure their success by the price of drugs on the street  
if the dry up to supply the prices rise  
carolyn prices have shown some of fact from the pizza success and other dealer blasts  
the supply keeps growing to meet a growing demand  
the dirty secret of american politics is that the rampant jerry man during a district boundaries is consistently distorting the well of the electorate  
in the nineteen eighty four reagan landslide both parties contested three hundred sixty seven house races  
republicans won five hundred thousand more vote in those races but democrats won thirty more seats  
a second driver listens to several reputations and then something clinics sold yet he cries and off we go  
seoul york station  
seoul york station he repeats practicing his new in english word  
the station signs are indeed in the english  
i would be very skeptical of the results says lawrence chimerine chairman of w. e. f. a. group in bala cynwyd pennsylvania  
i would not suggest anyone make a decision on who devote for based on a steady like this  
last year new hampshire enacted legislation enabling banks from outside the state to acquire new hampshire banks but restrictions in the bill discouraged potential buyers  
as a result in new bill loosening the previous restrictions was passed earlier this year  
indian head is based in nashua of new hampshire  
but such accomplishments no longer play so well in gary  
his leadership is not produced  
it is elevated him the national fame that the city has deteriorated says mr. barnes who also was black  
petroleos de venezuela is operating subsidiaries recently made some major fines of the higher quality lighter oil  
those fines are yet included in the revised estimates  
internal revenue service officials declined to comment on the underwritings under federal scrutiny  
but a treasury official in washington said these are famous deals indicating they are well known a tax authorities  
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.'s alleged in the class action suit  
the u. s. already has some catching up to do with what's available the phone customers in countries have fewer restrictions on the industry  
in france businesses can make hotel on airline reservations through a computerized information service offered over the phone network  
electronic yellow pages and other so called videotex services are offered by the state owned phone company in private entrepreneurs over the phone network  
perhaps they think they can get top dollar for that portion of the business said robert buchanan of a. g. edwards and sons incorporated in saint louis  
but analysts said they couldn't estimate how much as sale might bring because interco doesn't break out the canal is results  
the african national congress said reports reaching the group and sounding out from south africa and suggested that black nationalist nelson mandela could be released next week  
pretoria denied the rumor  
in cape town whinney mandela paid a hospital visit to her husband is being treated for timber cut losses  
his jail for life in nineteen sixty two  
rates on short term treasury bills fell slightly  
the latest three month bill rate fell from seven point three seven percent bid from seven point four one percent  
the b. w. a.'s charges are absolutely wrong n. i. b. m. spokeswoman says  
to it she adds that the four b. w. a. members who were fired later unsuccessfully to file charges against i. b. m. with regulators  
in one case a loss it was filed which was later settled  
in supermarkets general decides to make an acquisition of it signed an adviser to the company said resources wouldn't be a constructing factor  
he declined to identify possible targets but indicated that they would be retailers  
what supermarkets knows best is how to market he said  
allegheny international agreed to go private in a five hundred million dollar buyout arranged by first boston  
the accords on allegheny's stock soaring eight point six two five dollars to twenty four dollars a share  
in mr. lee had taken the title of executive vice president engineering and manufacturing after leaving the presidency and february  
the talent west spokesman said the executive vice president post won't be filled  
he said the company intends to follow the strategies outlined by mr. martin s. d.  
some analysts believe that about half of the democrats eighty one seat majority in the house of representatives can be attributed to the abuses of jerry man during  
at a sense such than a killing republicans can joined forces with conservative democrats and build legislative majority is where even as in some state legislatures can elect a coalition speaker  
after the nineteen eighty four elections there is a serious effort to dump tip o'neill house speaker  
with just the half dozen extra republicans and non jerry manner california would be left the conservative democrat might have become speaker  
there also are limits on how much as stock can drop in a single day  
because the drop in its price in new york trading monday was greater than that there were no sign a buy orders and tokyo yesterday  
monday's decline ship the confidence of every investor begin small  
now having a flight to quality said james andrews head of institutional trading at janney montgomery scott in philadelphia  
if it's not a quality names investors don't want it  
that one obstacle to a balanced trade in south korea's addiction to japanese imports which had increased more than seventy percent since nineteen eighty one  
imports from japan last year totaled ten point eighty seven billion up forty four percent from nineteen eighty five  
in nineteen eighty seven's first quarter japanese imports climbed thirty one percent from the year before to two point eight seven billion  
the prime rate is expected to rise further in the coming weeks following friday's increase to eight percent from seven and three fourths percent  
many economists believe the fed's recent credit tightening along with japan's rate cuts won't be enough to stem the dollar's fall  
the site issues where the differences between the democrats are going to be highlighted says larry bar tells a university of rochester expert on presidential primaries  
these are accused the candidates are going to use to convey a bribe notions about themselves  
what's so many candidates that are selling now and voters will be grass thing at these issues as handles to get hold on the candidates  
the korean economy powered by the export sector has seemed e. meehan to the turmoil  
manufacturers have some money orders already in the pipeline says another u. s. bank manager in seoul  
so many foreign businessmen are still in town is far as i now  
he says that some of our people have had trouble gaining fights in an out of the country that the business flow continues and interrupted  
the dollar bond markets and general were quiet as participants watched for signs of change in u. s. monetary policy  
the u. s. federal reserve board's open market committee began a two day meeting to discuss policy other european analysts anticipated little change in the fed's stance  
utility analysts however expect the agreement to be completed without much difficulty  
yesterday at moody's investors service who raised lilco's credit ratings in recognition of the improved outlook for steady financial recovery  
about three point five billion of securities are affected  
the effect once free at the pie university  
it offers outstanding graduate situation four year to broaden their liberal arts background  
the first recipient joseph webster junior a five day to cap a chemistry pratt who plans to take courses this fall in art religion music in political science  
castle such as come up reduce the world's most educated teen agers says miss it disciplined vineyard are hard work  
even the majority could adjust and universities are an average as educators college software is the u. s. and skilled enough to fill japan's mostly white collar jobs  
if drying up the supply doesn't work any serious anti drug effort has tried drawing up the demand  
yet drug users face a dallas a zero chance of arrests  
few state or federal prosecutors reluctant to go after users anymore  
why we busting users  
experts worry about jail space but there's a deeper problem  
we may not yet have totally when the fight against it permits a drug culture of the nineteen sixties seventies  
the king doesn't require a strange the symbol of drug abuse and trade aids risk it may just as addictive in deadly as heroin  
at a drop in the average college spends about twenty percent more to educate students after inflation than it did a decade ago  
increased government funding for higher education has picked up some of the slack  
but head stuart a. with big attrition jets much bigger  
colleges say such grants help students who couldn't qualify for dbase aid  
but the grants are also a powerful recruiting tool  
the prompt the interest a sharp students he would otherwise consider a particular school can  
they also boost the school's average freshman its classic at a seat escort intensely watched indicator of quality  
when the history board testing and advertising research firm put u. s. consumers this year twenty nine percent said commercials insult the intelligence of the average year  
that's not exactly comforting to marketers but it's an improvement of a thirty one percent he found out offensive in nineteen eighty five  
norman robertson senior vice president and chief economist at mellon bank in pittsburgh agreed  
i think the fed will be very content to hold policy on an even feel he said  
certainly the reason that economic reports virtually eliminates the need for any further tightening the four election day  
sales in nineteen eighty seven are expected to again rise about ten percent mr. baker are said  
miss lee enterprises targets most of its products at the middle class and upper middle class markets were purchasing power has increased he said  
also the company will launch a number of major new products or push existing products into new markets he said  
that nothing is always disasters and says harold e. johnson senior vice president of personnel administration at travelers closed in hartford connecticut  
the company always police rightly or wrongly that won a guy is in trouble they've given him good insufficient chance to be successful  
they burned the right to bad mouth them  
when the subordinate bad mouth says he hasn't turned that right  
some aren't so share  
inevitably one child asks how did to get off the tape  
another is more spiritual  
for you there when i was born  
a group of workers at one ford plant received tuition assistance to attend flight school  
only one actually took the course while the rest plans to use the money to buy a plane  
they were caught before completing the purchase  
singapore's straits times index declined two hundred fifty five point thirty three to nine hundred sixty seven point nine five off a record twenty point nine percent  
the index fell twelve point two percent monday  
volume was heavy at all one hundred twenty nine issues that traded posted declines  
many shares were traded  
why have an accounting standards of all to the federal government  
that point of units and validity when governments for simple and one accountant was rather like what i do each month when a balance by checking account  
the federal government is now the largest enterprise and art in its financial commitments are so vast the cash basis accounting no longer fats  
an investigation found that some tested at this compromise at the government's air traffic controllers school in oklahoma according to sources and documents  
the transportation department inquiry determined information pertaining to nine of fourteen problems had been circulated  
the impact of the cheating was unclear  
the prospect of anti takeover legislation in massachusetts doesn't appear to a rise any fears among the perelman forces  
because they are barred at the moment from launching hostile takeover if they figure doesn't concern them  
we require consented to not be in a hostile situation  
monday's decline should confidence of every investor begin small  
now are having a flight to quality said james andrews head of institutional trading at janney montgomery scott in philadelphia  
if it's not a quality name investors don't want it  
in late spring nineteen eighty six the boston c. refund to bits of normal d. n. a. that appeared to be part of the chain  
to their stars man doctor kahn goal says that its constituted only one sixteenth of the gene  
the whole lies in fact far longer than any known chain  
by september the scientist are convinced that they found part of the d. m. d. change in an ounce the discovery in october  
their tents worried about losing files and work he says gary resume in a computer systems manager  
at c. p. m. he sat down in fact computers to clear the system  
a spokesman for olympia and york said it hasn't any plans to increase since campeau a state fall in the debenture purchase  
we're just an investor in campeau  
the federated acquisition created an opportunity for olympia and york to increase its ownership the spokesman said  
a second driver listens to sell reputations and then something clinics so yet he cries and off we go  
so york station  
so yet stationery peat's practicing his new english word  
the station's signs are indeed in english  
the fed spokesman declined to comment as usual  
fed chairman alan greenspan is scheduled to give his midyear economic report of the house banking committee hearing on february twenty third  
the biggest problem in telling workers about benefits is employees failure to read the information forty two percent of a hundred fifty six companies surveyed by buck consultants said  
an additional nineteen percent blame lack of any benefits communication plan  
fully forty three percent felt their communications programs don't work aren't sure that they do  
some call may return to world oil markets after last week's stormy trading  
but many oil analysts said market fundamentals remain bearish  
the price committee for the organization of petroleum exporting countries meets next sunday and some said that should spur another rally  
a supporting factor in the market was the latest monthly survey by the national association of purchasing management  
the survey indicated that the economy expanded briskly in october reversing a three month decline  
the purchasing managers' index in october rose to fifty six point eight percent from fifty four point eight percent in september  
television can be misleading  
you may have taught us a cleveland browns lose their chance and interest in trouble running  
the more than ten thousand households across the country or to assume that it was shifted to bring on television  
the freezing temperatures particularly in the soviet union has sparked an unusually strong demand for gas oil gear up an equivalent of a heating oil  
the weather is also call it will transportation routes  
moreover other managers and a shy away from workers who want it might do this into them  
that nothing as well as disastrous business harold e. johnson senior vice president personnel administration travelers companies in hartford connecticut  
the company eligible east berlin or wrongly the won a dozen trouble they've given him good and citizens as to be successful  
they've run the right of an often  
what was aborted announced he is on debt relief  
bonds stocks in commodities all relative to somebody has the wrong says charles clore will achieve market strategist for merrill lynch and company  
it looks like people or filing at its in the trades done  
many investment manager higher commodity prices are harbinger of increased inflation which could draw the federal reserve for a short term interest rates further  
last week president of one is a recent rains prompted analysts to drop their worst case dismissed crop damage  
yesterday medical and futures prices plunged by the permissible daily limits  
soybean wheat futures and to levels recorded late may when speculative frenzy began to get the market  
mary be nice a denver registered representative was fined five thousand dollars and barred from association with any n. a. s. d. member  
the sanction stem from among other things findings that ms. knight may twenty five transactions in a customer's account without the customers don't understand  
he couldn't be reached for comment  
